this videotutorial is made for
those people who still can not see
aztec TV- in high definition see the
Aztec TV channels - high definition
on the internet it 's really easy something very
important for this to work is that
you must use firefox mozilla the chrome
in the description of the video I will leave the
download links of both
explorers well let's start first
we open the web www.dgt.es remember you must
open the web either with firefox mozilla
or google chrome in this case I
I will use firefox mozilla already being in
the web we go to the part of in
middle of the homepage on which
you will observe several images you must give
click on the first of them which is the
Aztec television logo in good hd
we click and wait for him to load the
web should leave us in this part
lower left from here the legend
finished now we will observe that we are
open the tv channels section
Aztec and indicates us select the channel
that you want to visualize in this case I
I will show you how to see the Aztec channel
we select the channel by clicking on
As you see, the page will open
of tvazteca is very important that
wait until the loading of the
page correctly
now as you will notice is the
tvazteca player now
we just have to give play and wait
load the player the load of
channel will depend on the speed of your
internet as it adds
appears loading and the screen is displayed
in black you must be patient because the
channel display will start at
a few seconds you should not despair like
you watch the channel has loaded
correctly you want the option to
turn up volume or to make the screen
maximized in excellent quality good if
you want to see Aztec 7 if you read the same
process you just click on the image
of Aztec 7 or if you prefer to see the project
40 Similarly click on your
respective good image I hope you are
of help to this explanation and remember
It is very important that you open the web with
firefox mozilla because with internet
explorer does not work well any
doubt or comment you can write to me
address
electronic which are ball steals
hotmail.com